04.09.20 16:00
Everyone present.

Retrospective team meeting:
- Sprint went ok, coordination is not easy, will get better
- Comunication in the team was good, everyone is included
- Decided to talk to Gunnar about the workload confusion
- Decided on a minimum test coverage 80% for the definition of done
- Will try having shorter meetings less than 1h
- Fridays at 12:00 short update meeting is now fixed fpr every week
- Make branches with useful names f.ex (Issue 12: `xFrednet\012-database` ) and commit messages with issue reference like `git commit -m "Added Database #12"`
- Stay up to day with your issues
- Discussing new user-stories in the team before sending them to gunnar 

