04.09.20 16:00
Everyone present.

Retrospective team meeting:
- Sprint went ok, coordination is not easy, will get better
- Decided to talk to Gunnar about the workload confusion
- Decided on 80% test coverage
- Will try having shorter meetings
- Fridays at 12:00 short update meeting is now fixed
- Make branches with useful names f.ex (Issue 12: xFrednet\012-database)
- Stay up to day with your issues
- Decided wether or not to keep the new issues

